flit.zn0 = g
destNE = false
flit.livelock_free = false
  [
      node.isLoop4 = false
      node.northLink = free
      node.southLink = edge
      node.eastLink = free
      node.isLoop2 = false
      flit.zn1 = g
      node.westLink = edge
      node.faultCounter < 2 = true
      2:number = node.faultCounter = false
  ]
flit.zn2 = g
node.northLink1 = free
node.eastLink1 = free
node.southLink1 = edge
node.westLink1 = edge
node.southLink = free
flit.sent0 = s1
flit.zn0 = h
flit.sent1 = s1
flit.zn3 = g
node.northLink2 = free
node.eastLink2 = free
node.southLink2 = edge
node.westLink2 = edge
node.southLink1 = free
node.southLink = edge
flit.sent0 = e1
flit.zn0 = i
  [
      router.abcfhijknop = true
      router.westNew = false
      flit.zn1 = h
      router.notSouth = false
  ]
flit.sent2 = s1
flit.sent1 = e1
flit.zn4 = g
flit.zn2 = h
node.northLink3 = free
node.eastLink3 = free
node.southLink3 = edge
node.westLink3 = edge
node.southLink2 = free
node.southLink1 = edge
node.westLink = faulty
flit.sent0 = n1
[
    router.notEast = false
    router.negTrav = false
    router.efghm = false
    router.cjoqdip = true
    flit.zn1 = i
    router.notSouth = true
]
flit.sent3 = s1
flit.sent2 = e1
flit.sent1 = n1
flit.zn5 = g
flit.zn3 = h
flit.zn2 = i
node.northLink4 = free
node.eastLink4 = free
node.southLink4 = edge
node.westLink4 = edge
node.southLink3 = free
node.southLink2 = edge
node.westLink1 = faulty
node.northLink = faulty
node.southLink = free
node.westLink = free
0:number = node.faultCounter = true
flit.sent0 = w1
                        [
                            router.notEast = true
                            router.notNorth = false
                            flit.zn0 = h
                        ]
flit.sent4 = s1
flit.sent3 = e1
flit.sent2 = n1
flit.sent1 = w1
flit.zn4 = h
flit.zn3 = i
node.northLink5 = free
node.eastLink5 = free
node.southLink5 = edge
node.westLink5 = edge
node.southLink4 = free
node.southLink3 = edge
node.westLink2 = faulty
node.northLink1 = faulty
node.southLink1 = free
node.westLink1 = free
node.northLink = free
flit.sent0 = s1

[
    node.isLoop4 = true
    router.negTrav = true
    router.notNorth = true
    router.efghm = true
    router.notWest = false
    router.westNew = true
    router.cjoqdip = false
    flit.zn1 = h
]
